every Central Bank says the same thing
2% 2% 2% well here in this video we're
going to look at 3% you came here for
the truth so let me unveil that for you
what if 2% couldn't happen what if 3%
became the new Norm well I'm going to
show you one example of the suggestion
that this is in fact what's coming you
see they've been telling us all along
that they've been trying to achieve a
2% inflation Target when there was
apparently no inflation and there was
only deflation they were saying we're
trying to get to 2% we're struggling and
then inflation went berserk and they
said we're going to get it down to that
2% Mark why 2% hm well they want to make
sure that they burn just a little bit of
your money each and every single year
not enough for you to revolt but enough
that it makes make sure all of your hard
earned wealth gets pushed to the
0.00001% that's right so what we have
here is a new world in which it's not 2%
anymore but it's 3% acclimating you to
more inflation what happens if they
cannot get it down to 2% well they
simply lift their target now I've been
talking about that a long time because
it was plainly obvious that we have this
arbitrary Target of 2% they could say I
suggested that they would have sort of a
sliding Target in between 2% and 3% I've
said that many times uh but in this case
here we might just see the admission
that 3% is the new 2% all right the FED
cannot cut rates as fast as the market
wants so in this article there just
basically talking about how the bond
market is dictating one thing you've got
employment M when it comes to the uh
civilian labor force participation rate
looking at all these things factoring in
everything you then have an issue where
we can't necessarily cut interest rates
as the market thinks will come well
let's break that down a little bit
further shall we we should look at this
question the Bank of Canada will study
lifting the inflation Target ahead of
2026 mandate renewal Bank of Canada will
consider higher inflation Target in 2026
that's according to mum mum is like the
equivalent of Jerome Powell in Canada so
what do we have well that 2% Target like
I said it's just a number it's arbitrary
they don't have to do 2% there's nowhere
written in stone that it has to stay at
2% but that could mean that at some
point in the future they simply say
3% is the new
2% and so obviously you and I both know
that the inflation rate is not 2% and
it's definitely not 3% either but we're
talking about in their world their
numbers and so it's very interesting to
see what they are willing to put on your
back because of course inflation you got
to feel the Brun of it you have to put
that weight on your shoulders and carry
it each and every day when you go to the
store when you have to you know pump
your gas all of these things cost money
they cost more money than they did
before some things are subsidized some
things are a little bit messed up and
skewed but overall overall things have
become much more expensive both services
and goods but is it greed
flation is it it's part of it but more
importantly what enables that greed
flation to take place in the first place
yes it is a devaluation of the currency
done by these people here the central
Bankers only have one Mission uh I think
it's price stability and uh uh full
employment right yeah price stability
full employment that that's what Drome
Powell said um actually they have one
thing that is to destroy the currency
you see that currency it's owned by them
it's owned by the Central Bank not owned
by you it's not owned by your government
look at your bills if you're in the
United States Federal Reserve
Note it's not you it's not your
government it's the Federal Reserve not
exactly
Federal but that's who controls your
currency and they have one very very
obvious plan and that is to devalue
until there's nothing nothing left there
should be nothing left why because if
you collapse it well then you can create
something new in and from its ashes
that's where we go Bank of Canada Chief
says rates can't fix High housing costs
saying basically okay we've increased
interest rates all right people can't
afford homes so if we just like Drop
interest rates down will that help okay
no no do we have to keep them up higher
is that going to help he's saying that
you've got structural problems there's
not enough homes and of course the
government has to create affordable
homes all
right there's so many problems in Canada
with real estate it is it's shocking
it's truly shocking and they try to like
squeeze people uh put a vacant home tax
put a foreign buyer tax nothing has
nothing has slowed it down absolutely
nothing first of all they are unwilling
to increase interest rates to the level
they need to be because they want to
make sure uh that you know civil unrest
doesn't happen there's more to it than
that that's you know it's a game it's a
game that they love to
play effective Fed rate has already
fallen substantially so when we take
into account everything you're seeing
this here just the
breakdown when we look at it I think for
a lot of people they just need to
realize that there's not just the FED
funds rate that's important there are
many different indicators that come
through I talk about it with the money
mirror method if you want to look at
that up online you could see that with a
Fed net liquidity all that means is like
how much cash how much liquidity how
much stuff is being circulated and if
there's a lot more than normal or is it
a lot less than normal if there's a lot
more that means asset prices can rise if
that's going away well then asset prices
could fall it all depends on where the
money is coming from it could come from
outside suddenly if everybody in China
starts dumping their cash in the United
States that could make up for the
shortfall that um you know could be seen
from let's say the Federal Reserve not
printing money anymore like we've seen
recently worldwide easing in conditions
points to Global upturn so this has
already started that's what this chart
shows us that overall in the world more
and more central banks have started to
go in the quantitative easing or more
specifically started to cut interest
rates overwhelmingly they've stopped
raising and kind of said hey I think
we're ready to start cutting at some
point but we're not there yet that has
started to turn a corner that means
easier money risk assets are
desirable Global Financial conditions
will ease further so looking at this you
can see it one after the other but
conditions want to be easier they just
wanted it seems more money printing
would throw gasoline on this fire Global
yield curve has uninverted but this is
where things could change because we've
seen this before frequently very
frequently when it un
inverts that is generally a sign that a
recession is
coming and so you know whether there is
or not I mean we've seen many many very
important people talk about it saying
it's coming how bad it will be that's a
different story I'm wondering what you
think if there will be an admitted
recession or if they'll kind of just
sweep it under the rug I want to know
what you think as always Compass is
available to you hit that thumbs up
button first before I talk about that
hit that thumbs up button to support me
support the channel I appreciate that
Compass is the place for a financial
education you can't get Elsewhere for
free because this is where you can go in
go through I purposely put these videos
together for free no pay wall no email
no nothing you just come to the page you
get 20 minutes on these really short
videos that you might already know
everything certainly but you've probably
got someone in your family your friends
your co-workers who can check that out
Compass is a place by the way doesn't
link to my YouTube channel at all
doesn't link there's no link you just
the money gps.com
Compass you won't even know that there's
a money GPS okay you just go there you
can give them that link they could watch
the financial education and then you
could have good conversation all right
because they'll have the F fundamentals
and Foundation right down packed I hope
that you will check that out the money
gps.com there's always a link in the
description for that and as always I'll
see you tomorrow take care